they'll see us
okay guys check this out guys if you go
through this video and look closely
you'll see that it says a hundred and
forty 1.8 Adana what was your weight
this morning 224.50
this drug is real you guys
I scoop with no sugar hello guys welcome
to the last video in the other industry
formation videos here as you saw in the
previous scenes adriana lost a total of
seventeen point six pounds but anyways
guys today I want to do something a
little bit different Ariana would you
please please please give something Anna
would you please please please give
something to every girl out there who is
interested in bettering her party so
let's talk about the gym there's so many
girls out there that think that they
should do cardio all the time and that
they shouldn't get near the weight rooms
because it's gonna make you big and
you're gonna look like a man that is a
it's a complete life like Aviana is dead
lifting 45 on each side and she's also
wearing converse all-stars in the gym I
think a very good example is my kicks if
you see my older pictures I look more
flabby look at her for her form is
spotless and when even when I was skinny
I didn't look good I didn't look tone I
just look but and now if you see the
after pictures I looked a lot more toned
more defined even my clothes fits better
and I feel wonderful
well there you go guys remember the
pancakes diet calm this is where you
will find all the secrets in the world
Cheers